{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red94\green16\blue204;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28300\viewh15360\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs56 \cf2 \cb3 Angel\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f1\fs26 \cf2 Rottweiler Mix \'95 Adult \'95 Female \'95 Extra Large\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.petfinder.com/shelters/MA484.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Last Hope K9 Rescue}} Boston, MA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480

\f0\fs40 \cf2 ABOUT ANGEL\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380

\f1\fs26 \cf2 Hi, I'm Angel! I am 4 years old and weigh 70 lbs. Despite my size, I am a big ball of love and enjoy snuggling with you. I am a graduate of the Paws in Prison program in Arkansas where I had obedience training. I am very well mannered and have a mellow personality. I love going on car rides and sit like a big bird in the backseat watching the scenery go by! I like snow and hiking. I am a couch potato when I'm in the house.\
\
I love other dogs but they should be mellow - I'm an in charge kind of girl! I am prey driven so it would not be a good idea to put me in a home with cats or small dogs. I like to get belly rubs and get petted.\
\
If you are interested in adopting me, please fill out an application at www.lasthopek9.org. Questions? Please email adoptions@lasthopek9.org\
\
For more photos, or information on upcoming adoption events where you can meet me, please go to www.lasthopek9.org or go to our Facebook page\
\
Thanks for your interest in saving a life!\
}