{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red94\green16\blue204;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28300\viewh15360\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380

\f0\fs56 \cf2 \cb3 Ella\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f1\fs26 \cf2 American Bulldog \'95 Adult \'95 Female \'95 Extra Large\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa100
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.petfinder.com/shelters/MA484.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Last Hope K9 Rescue}} Boston, MA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480

\f0\fs40 \cf2 ABOUT ELLA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380

\f1\fs26 \cf2 \
Hi I am Ella! Also known as Ella-Phant, Ella-Bear, Ella-Bella. And boy am I a GORGEOUS girl! I am 80 pounds of pure love. I have a very sad story. I was used for breeding then dumped. I then spent a YEAR in a shelter! Can you imagine that no one wanted me? I have come so far thanks to the love and support from my foster mamma and Last Hope K9 Family. I am now ready for my forever home and want a family with no other dogs or young kids. I am a super awesome dog but I just need to have a quiet life. Would you like to add some Ella love to your life? You won't be sorry if you do!! \
\
\
If you are interested in adopting me, please fill out an application at www.lasthopek9.org. Questions? Please email adoptions@lasthopek9.org.\
\
\
For more photos, or information on upcoming adoption events where you can meet me, please go to www.lasthopek9.org or go to our Facebook page\
\
\
Thanks for your interest in saving a life!\
}