{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red94\green16\blue204;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28300\viewh15380\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380

\f0\fs56 \cf2 \cb3 Lina\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f1\fs26 \cf2 Pit Bull Terrier & Australian Cattle Dog (Blue Heeler) Mix \'95 Young \'95 Female \'95 Medium\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa100
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.petfinder.com/shelters/MA484.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Last Hope K9 Rescue}} Boston, MA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480

\f0\fs40 \cf2 ABOUT LINA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380

\f1\fs26 \cf2 Hi, I'm Lina! I am 1.5 years old and weigh 40 lbs. I was rescued from a lady who was going to shoot me because I ate a chicken! Who doesn't love chicken?! Luckily I got a second chance and get to be truly loved. I love cats and other dogs. I like chewing on rawhides too! I am very good at sharing them. My favorite thing is cuddling with my human on the bed or couch. I don\'e2\uc0\u128 \u153 t like the cold very much, but if you put a jacket on me and join me outside, I will be sure to go potty when I\'e2\u128 \u153 m supposed to! I am learning to walk on a leash and I am doing well, sometimes I get scared though and need a little guidance to continue along.\
\
If you are interested in adopting me, please fill out an application at www.lasthopek9.org. Questions? Please email adoptions@lasthopek9.org\
\
For more photos, or information on upcoming adoption events where you can meet me, please go to www.lasthopek9.org or go to our Facebook page\
\
Thanks for your interest in saving a life!\
\
\
}