{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red94\green16\blue204;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28300\viewh15360\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs56 \cf2 \cb3 Sky\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f1\fs26 \cf2 Pit Bull Terrier Mix \'95 Adult \'95 Female \'95 Large\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.petfinder.com/shelters/MA484.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Last Hope K9 Rescue}} Boston, MA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480

\f0\fs40 \cf2 ABOUT SKY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380

\f1\fs26 \cf2 Sky is a sweet girl who has had it rougher than most. She was rescued by Last Hope in the nick of time from being euthanized and is one of the sweetest dogs her foster has cared for. However Sky is slow to warm up to and trust new people. Sky gets scared and intimidated easily by new people and needs an adopter committed to working with her on this as she has already made amazing progress. \
\
Sky is currently in a home with 3 other dogs but definitely likes to be the alpha dog or the "Boss" so would probably do best in a home without other dogs. Sky has been excellent with her foster mom's cat and likes to play with the kitty. \
\
She is excellent on leash and responds very well to commands and loves to learn new things and go for walks. However Sky is also a total snugglebug and loves to cozy up to her mom on the sofa and burrow under the covers on the bed. Sky is looking for someone wiling to give her the love and devotion she has always been willing to show her humans.\
\
If you are interested in adopting me, please fill out an application at www.lasthopek9.org. Questions? Please email adoptions@lasthopek9.org\
\
For more photos, or information on upcoming adoption events where you can meet me, please go to www.lasthopek9.org or go to our Facebook page\
\
Thanks for your interest in saving a life!\
}